[DOC]Update Jupyterhub deploy docs (#4885)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/how-tos/use-pachyderm-ide/index.md

# Use the Pachyderm IDE with `python-pachyderm`

!!! note
    The Pachyderm IDE is an enterprise feature,
    which is also available for testing during
    the 14-day free trial.
    Contact sales@pachyderm.com for more information.

This section describes how you can use the `python-pachyderm`
client from within the Pachyderm IDE.

!!! note
    You need to have Pachyderm IDE installed as described in
    [Deploy the Pachyderm IDE](../../deploy-manage/deploy/deploy-pachyderm-ide.md).

## Overview

When you deploy the Pachyderm IDE, you get JupyterHub and
a customized JupyterLab UI running next to your Pachyderm
cluster.

Before we proceed, let's clarify the following terms
as they might be confusing for first-time users:

* JupyterHub is a popular data science platform that enables users
to quickly spin out multiple single-tenant Jupyter Notebook server instances.

> * Jupyter Notebook is a tool for conducting experiments with data and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jupyter Notebooks provide a means for conducting experiments with data and
```

# Use the Pachyderm IDE with `python-pachyderm`

!!! note
    The Pachyderm IDE is an enterprise feature,
    which is also available for testing during
    the 14-day free trial.
    Contact sales@pachyderm.com for more information.

This section describes how you can use the `python-pachyderm`
client from within the Pachyderm IDE.

!!! note
    You need to have Pachyderm IDE installed as described in
    [Deploy the Pachyderm IDE](../../deploy-manage/deploy/deploy-pachyderm-ide.md).

## Overview

When you deploy the Pachyderm IDE, you get JupyterHub and
a customized JupyterLab UI running next to your Pachyderm
cluster.

Before we proceed, let's clarify the following terms
as they might be confusing for first-time users:

* JupyterHub is a popular data science platform that enables users
to quickly spin out multiple single-tenant Jupyter Notebook server instances.

> * Jupyter Notebook is a familiar to many data scientists tool for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jupyter Notebook is a tool familiar to many data scientists for
```

Author: rephrased to address the comment
